loyal excitement is a culmination of a
year's worth of hard training that we've
done in all phases of war lots of
exercises both a battalion and Brigade
level and essentially what's happening
is there's three stands have been set up
so the first stand is an assault boat
range which allows the soldiers to do
something which normally isn't done and
it's firing live from the assault boats
on targets on the lake to our rear to
other stands we have set up one is a
very challenging rappel site stand on
the Quebec side of the Ottawa River and
it's about a 350 foot rappel down a
pretty challenging cliff and that'll
really give them a good test to see how
they do come on over top of that cliff
face and looking straight down 350 feet
the third stand we have set up is a
simunition range in the Petawawa fibula
site and really this range is set up to
enable the junior soldiers an
opportunity to lead a section through an
ovule range essentially lets them really
lead the attack planet lead it and it's
a lot of fun doing it with this
ammunition certainly the soldiers are
going to be talking about it for days or
weeks to come it's challenging for them
and then seeing that they're being
successful on the stands coming back out
of all that with a sense of
accomplishment it's going to go a long
way keeping the soldiers interested in
keeping them motivated to do great work
as they've always done for the first
battalion and for two brigade of course
you